[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Today we
have a special guest.
His name is Jason
Rice, and he claims
to have been in the
Secret Space Program.
Hey, Jason.
>>JASON RICE: Hello, Jay.
Thank you for having me.
>>JAY: Yeah, it's
great to have you.
Why are you personally
coming forward?
>>RICE: I'm coming forward now
because there are thousands
of others out there
that have been
through this, that have gone
on the 20 and Back program.
And I'm not just
talking about Americans.
We're talking globally.
And some of the people
that did not come back,
their stories need to be told.
Whether they were soldiers or
scientists or just civilians,
they provided and gave
the ultimate sacrifice
for humanity.
And their stories
need to be told.
We need to have full disclosure.
The people need to be
aware of some of the things
that humanity has done.
It's time to heal and
to grow from that.
>>JAY: So let's start
with the beginning.
You had a behavior problem.
Because you were constantly
being an escape artist.
>>RICE: I was.
I kept getting brought back
by the police or strangers.
I had my own dog tags--
if lost, please call--
on a chain.
And so the last time that I was
brought back by the same police
officer, he told my
parents that if they
didn't keep me contained
and keep control
of where I was, that I was going
to be taken into state custody.
>>JAY: And this caused
your parents to freak out.
Because they're afraid of the
police and child protection
services and all those people
coming and investigating them--
totally understandable.
>>RICE: Understandable-- of
course, they were terrified.
And they found a
behavioral program
at one of the local universities
and enrolled me in that.
>>JAY: What happened there?
>>RICE: They would
give us a command.
You know, say-- hey, I want
you to stay in this chair.
Don't get up.
And of course, there
are toys everywhere
in the room, all kinds of
interesting distractions.
And so of course, I get up.
And as soon as I got up, they
picked me up, put me in a box,
locked the box, and
then would wait.
And of course I'd scream
and holler and yell
and kick and thrash.
And as soon as I stopped, they
would reach in, pull me out,
set me on the same chair,
and give me an M&M.
>>JAY: So they were starting
to form your personality
at that point.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: And they were using
candy and toys to entice you
into whatever they
wanted you to change--
I guess change your behavior.
- --to control it.
And that program turns out
to be one of the recruiting
arms for the MILAB program.
And that's where
I was identified
as an intuitive empath.
>>JAY: When you say intuitive
empath, what do you mean?
>>RICE: An intuitive empath is
somebody that feels or knows
something without having
been told, without having
experienced it before.
It's an ability to
pick up on emotions.
It's not mind reading.
But it's being able to feel what
others are feeling and being
able to intuit why
they're feeling that way
or how something
is supposed to work
or how it's supposed
to go together.
People have termed
or called it psychic,
but it's not really
the same thing.
>>JAY: You eventually
had to go to school.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: So you went to school,
first grade or whatever.
Did anything happen to you
when you went to school?
>>RICE: So after getting into
school, what would happen
is that somebody would
either come in the morning
or towards the
middle of the day.
And I'd get picked up to
allow me to get out of school.
And then, they would take me to
an underground facility or just
a regular building
to do the training
that they had us go through.
>>JAY: Was there a break
between the university program
and this new program,
which was I guess MILAB,
is what you're saying?
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: Explain to our
viewers what MILAB is.
>>RICE: The MILAB program is
a military abduction program.
Which is one of the agencies
responsible for recruiting,
training, indoctrinating,
and preparing children
for special programs within
the Secret Space Program
and other classified projects.
I thought, at the
time, I was just
getting to go out on
a special field trip.
>>JAY: And you're
with other children?
>>RICE: Other
children-- between three
and five other kids at a time.
That's what I remember.
And they had us working
on very simple puzzles.
The caveat was that we
weren't allowed to talk.
But we had to work
in teams of two,
sometimes three,
and work together
to put this puzzle together.
And what they were
doing is, they
were training us with our
intuitive empath abilities
in teamwork.
Progressed on up through
smaller pieces, more pieces.
And again, we couldn't talk.
We had to nonverbally
communicate and trust and work
with our intuitive
empath abilities
up to the point where
it was a single colored
puzzle with thousands of pieces
that were working together.
They also included
blindfolding to work
together so that we could work
our intuitive empath abilities
and teamwork.
>>JAY: Would it be fair to
say that they are looking
for that quality in these kids?
>>RICE: That's absolutely right.
They're looking for
that quality in people
because it makes for better
soldiers, better operatives.
You can walk into a room
and pick up on a situation--
five or six different
people all at one time--
and be able to read the
scenario, read the environment.
>>JAY: Did you notice a
refining process with these kids
and you, where you could
see that some were not
going to make it and others
were going to go forward
or anything like that?
>>RICE: Yes-- there
were people that
just weren't picking up on it.
They weren't progressing.
And usually, those children
didn't stay, didn't come back.
Because they used
medications on us
for improving our
intuitive empath abilities
as well as to
facilitate forgetting--
not remembering where we'd
gone or what we'd done,
and then implanting us
with false screen memories.
>>JAY: Why would they do that?
>>RICE: They didn't want to
have the public aware of what
they were doing.
I mean, they were taking
kids out of school
to do whatever they
needed them to do.
If the world had found out
that they were taking kids out
of school to go work on training
and that they were injecting
them with either experimental
or non-market medications,
people would be up in arms.
>>JAY: Was there any kind of
trauma associated with this?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: Well, tell me about that.
>>RICE: Yeah, so
some of the training
involved finding out
our individual fears
and then flooding
us with those fears.
For instance, if one
was afraid of drowning.
Because that, they would
use virtual reality,
augmented reality.
And again, this is in the late
'70s, long before any of it
was ever out on the market.
And so as a child, it was like--
wow, this is an amazing toy.
This is a great adventure.
Except for the fact that
they were trauma training,
is what they were doing.
So they find out
all of my fears,
everything that I was afraid
of-- whether it was a little
or a lot--
and then put me into
a virtual reality
where I couldn't tell the
difference between what was
real and what was the virtual.
And then, I'd go
through and have
to experience-- whether it was
death by fire or getting shot
or bludgeoned or drowning or any
number of horrible ways to die.
They'd flood you with it
to desensitize you to it.
And these are children.
>>JAY: When you got home
after these experiences,
did your parents notice
that you were messed up?
>>RICE: Well, they
would go through
and mind wipe and give
you a screen memory.
So instead of getting
burned up in a fire
all day five or
six times, I would
remember being at an aquarium
in my conscious mind.
But the nightmares
were still there.
I'd still have nightmares.
I'd still have periods
where I wouldn't eat
or periods that I was moody.
So of course, my parents
had nothing to base it on.
So to them, I was
just a kid growing up.
During the night, they would
take us out of our homes.
They would take us
to closed-down malls
for the evening.
And then, we would either
do small combat arms,
immediate action drills, capture
the flag type thing where
we would have small pistols.
And we wore a suit that,
if it was contacted
by the infrared beam,
it would freeze the limb
if it was a grazing shot.
If it was a shot
right to a fatal area,
then the entire suit
would freeze up.
And they'd have to reset
the program because that
was a simulated kill.
They would put us
against each other.
And we found out quickly who had
more strength in their ability
for tactics.
And so what happened
is, it turned
into not every man for himself.
But it turned into teaming
up with other people
and then ganging
up on one person.
>>JAY: So kind of creating
a self-organization.
So you guys are organizing
yourselves in a symbiotic way
instead of having
it be top-down.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: That's very
serious training.
>>RICE: Very traumatic,
it's very traumatic.
>>JAY: How long do this
period of your training last?
>>RICE: It went on for about
eight years until I was 13.
>>JAY: All right,
so now you're 13.
You've got this training.
They wouldn't be doing
it for no reason.
It costs a lot of money.
They're investing a lot in you.
What happened at this point?
>>RICE: That was the year that
they took me out of training
and put me into active service.
>>JAY: What happened?
How did this-- did
they tell you they
were going to take you into
the Secret Space Program,
or what do they do?
>>RICE: Well, this
particular day,
I was going to meet them
down the street from school.
Now, according to the
rest of the school,
I was just skipping.
But I was down the street.
I met them just like any
of the many other times.
Got in the back of the car.
They didn't tell
me that I was going
to be disappearing,
that was going
to be going into active duty.
>>JAY: They did not tell you.
>>RICE: Did not--
they just took me.
>>JAY: That was a surprise.
>>RICE: Surprise-- guess what.
I hope you said goodbye
to everybody this morning.
I don't have all the memories
from my first 20 and Back.
They haven't returned yet.
20 and Back program is based on
the use of advanced technology
where you provide
service for 20 years.
And at the end of
that service, you
are medically and quantum
age regression back
to the time point
where you originally
entered into service.
And then, they take you back
in time to the point in time
that you originally
went into service.
But you still lived out and
had those 20 years of service
that you provided
in whatever program.
And there's a number of
secret space programs
that utilize this technology.
>>JAY: And did they take care
of you when you came back?
>>RICE: When I got back, part of
the going away present package
that they left included
programming for me
to want to go into
the military service.
And seemingly overnight,
I developed an interest
in the military.
I wanted to go to college,
wanted to get an education.
I was a driven
individual at that point.
>>JAY: Did you go to
high school, I assume?
>>RICE: I went to high school
and maintained 3.9 GPA all
through high school.
And I was awarded a medical
scholarship for the Air Force
ROTC.
And I was awarded an engineering
scholarship for the US Army.
And I chose the engineering.
>>JAY: And did you
finish your four years?
>>RICE: I finished
my four years.
>>JAY: And then, you
went into the military.
>>RICE: The military 20
and Back that I went on
was right at the start
of my US Army career.
The second 20 and Back, I have
a lot more of those memories.
I was commissioned the same
day I graduated from college
which was in December of 1996.
And two months later, I was
given a change to my orders.
Which my original orders were to
report in to Fort Leonard Wood
to attend the
officer basic course.
And the day before I
was supposed to leave,
I got new orders assigning me
to the Army Research Office
up in North Carolina.
I had no idea why or what,
no explanation for it.
>>JAY: So two months after
you started your active duty,
they grabbed you again.
>>RICE: Again.
>>JAY: Why are all these people
now coming forth with memories,
but it seems like it takes
15, 20 years for the memories
to surface?
Why do you think that is?
>>RICE: Well, for some
reason or another,
the memories are always there.
For me, one of them
was at the age of 33
which happens to be 20
years after my 20 and Back.
I went in for
outpatient surgery.
And coming out of
it, I was still
under a lot of the anesthesia.
And I don't recall this.
But the nursing
staff told me I was
talking about being in space
and being a part of a program
and going out and doing things.
And of course, when they
were telling me this,
I'm like-- wow, I don't
remember saying any of that.
And at the time, it
was just one of those--
OK, that was just the
anesthesia talking.
Since then, I've realized that--
OK, that was another sign.
>>JAY: Should people who are
running these programs be
worried about people now having
the first wave of memories
coming back?
>>RICE: I think the people that
are running these programs--
part of the technology that
they use for the mind wipe,
they know that there's 1%
to 3% that the mind wipe
will not work on.
And they have returning memories
a lot faster than mine were.
It worked on me.
Anybody that was a part of
the Secret Space Program
were tampered with--
every one of us.
>>JAY: Well, I just
want you to know
that I'm really happy that
you've decided to come
forth and tell your story.
And we're going to be telling
your story in great detail
as we proceed here
in later shows.
But let me ask you.
Are you afraid that
someone is going
to stop you from speaking out?
>>RICE: I have concerns
for the safety of those
that I love and care about.
But having been through
and remembered the things
that I've gone
through, I feel more
compelled to bring
this into the light
than I am concerned
about my own safety.
>> Coming this season
on Cosmic Disclosure,
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>RICE: There were things that
came out during the hypnosis
that I hadn't recalled yet.
>>: Tell me about the
briefing that you all had.
>>RICE: We were going to help
other planets, other people.
>> I do believe of inner earth
extraterrestrials that have
been here longer than others
that may have another agenda.
>> If a reptilian or an
insectoid goes into the human
parts of the base, they
are under extreme guard.
[THEME MUSIC]